Welcome to the github page of our paper :)

Inside the folder 'FM_potentials' you can find potential tables for all FM potentials (non-bonded, pairwise) involved in the hybrid MARTINI/FM force field developed for ZIF-8/PVDF. These are labelled as CGX-CGY.dat, where X is the bead type for ZIF-8 and Y is the bead type for PVDF. In the case of ZIF-8, X follows the definition given in figure 1(a). In the case of PVDF, Y follows the definition given in figure 1(b) summed by 2.

Inside the folder 'Nanoparticle_configurations' you can find LAMMPS data files (atom_style format = FULL) containing a configuration for the ZIF-8 nanoparticle and its connectivity. Please note: (1) there is no polylmer around it and (2) the 212 angles are subcategorized in 2 different types, following the approach underlying the force field used, so if you want to use it for another force field, you need to pay attention to that.

Finally, in the folder 'python_codes' you can find codes for computing bead density profiles in the whole simulation domain as well as at the surface level. In the former case, profiles for ZIF-8 and PVDF are built while in the latter only PVDF is considered. Codes for all three ZIF-8/PVDF nanoparticle systems are given. As expected, trust more the code than the comments: the comments should help you understand the different part of the codes but, despite my check when uploading, it is not out of the realm of possibilities that they were ctrC+ctrV'ed from other codes and/or are outdated (so, be critical of them!). Codes for computing ADFs (for example) or whatever you want can be easily adapted from there if you want.
